chore(developer): Add documentation about new WebDAV endpoint for downloading folders (#12247)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/client_apis/WebDAV/basic.rst

Downloading files
-----------------

> .. note:: The :code:`GET` method is not defined by the WebDAV standard, this is a Nextcloud provided WebDAV extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
copy-pasta

Author: No that is intended, `GET` is not defined by WebDAV neither for files nor folders. So I added this to folders to make clear the zip function is Nextcloud only. But the same is valid for files.

I can remove if you like but would keep this for consistency otherwise.

.. note:: For shared files this only works if the download permission was not denied by the sharer.

A file can be downloaded by sending a :code:`GET` request to the WebDAV url of the file.

.. code::

	GET remote.php/dav/files/user/path/to/file

.. _webdav-download-folders:

Downloading folders
-------------------

> .. note:: The :code:`GET` method is not defined by the WebDAV standard, this is a Nextcloud provided WebDAV extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The :code:`GET` method for folders is not defined by the WebDAV standard, this is a Nextcloud specific WebDAV extension.
```

Author: ```suggestion
.. note:: The :code:`GET` method is not defined by the WebDAV standard, this is a Nextcloud specific WebDAV extension.
```

.. note:: For shared folders this only works if the download permission was not denied by the sharer.

A folder can be downloaded as an archive by sending a :code:`GET` request to the WebDAV URL of the folder.
The :code:`Accept` header must be set and contain the MIME type for ZIP archives (:code:`application/zip`) or tarballs (:code:`application/x-tar`).

.. code::

	GET remote.php/dav/files/user/path/to/folder
	Accept: application/zip

Optionally it is possible to only include some files from the folder in the archive by providing the files using the custom :code:`X-NC-Files` header:

.. code::

	GET remote.php/dav/files/user/path/to/folder
	Accept: application/zip
	X-NC-Files: document.txt
	X-NC-Files: image.png

> As setting headers is not possible with HTML links, and this endpoint is also used for downloading folders from the Nextcloud web interface,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As providing request headers is not possible with HTML links, and this endpoint is also used for downloading folders from the Nextcloud web interface,
```

> As setting headers is not possible with HTML links, and this endpoint is also used for downloading folders from the Nextcloud web interface,
> it is also possible to provide this both options as query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As setting headers is not possible with HTML links it is also possible to provide this both options as query parameters.
```
I don't think explaining this is necessary or useful for developers.

Author: Agree, removed.

> As providing request headers is not possible with HTML links, and this endpoint is also used for downloading folders from the Nextcloud web interface,
> it is also possible to provide this both options as query parameters.

Author: ```suggestion
As setting headers is not possible with HTML links it is also possible to provide this both options as query parameters.
```

In this case the :code:`Accept` header value must be passed as the :code:`accept` query parameter.
The optional files list can be provided as a JSON encoded array through the :code:`files` query parameter.

.. code::

> 	GET remote.php/dav/files/user/path/to/folder?accept=zip&files=%5B%22image.png%22%2C%22doucment.txt%22%5D

Reviewer: For readability purposes it would be better to write the non-encoded variant

Author: Makes sense!

```suggestion
	GET remote.php/dav/files/user/path/to/folder?accept=zip&files=["image.png","document.txt"]
```
